well everybody loves buffalo wings party
wings hot wings they're so popular now
that they're actually more expensive
than boneless skinless chicken breasts
and that's why you see boneless skinless
wings at a lot of places all the bars
and restaurants and fast food places are
selling chicken wings and they have
become one of the most expensive parts
of the chicken obviously you've heard me
before I'm going to tell you go to
Costco they're the cheapest wings
interestingly you may find frozen wings
in the bag uncooked but broken down and
completely ready for you to cook for
less expensive than the fresh wings but
which is interesting because usually the
more process something is the more
expensive it is in this case we found a
great deal on the whole uncooked wings
and the first thing you need to do is
take these things apart so it's really
pretty easy one cut down by the skin pop
it open and you can see the joint and
then straight through the joint you're
never ever cutting through bone the
wingtip same thing here you do sort of
have to go right through it save those
wing tips for soup okay they are very
very valuable okay so there I've got the
wings that was about 15 of them that I
cut up sort of laborious and a bit of a
pain but it's always better if you do
this stuff yourself
now we're going to season them and
here's the thing we're not going to
deep-fry these the way traditional
buffalo wings are those are the best and
there's no denying that's the way to do
them but a lot of people don't have deep
fryers we're going to try to do these in
the oven the problem with doing them in
the oven is they don't get crisp well if
you read around the internet and all
those other cool places where they have
recipes they've come up with a way to
keep these things crispy in the oven
we're going to test it out and see if it
works so first we need to make a
seasoning mix and for the seasoning mix
I'm going to make I'm going to use a
couple of tablespoons of my seasoned
salt mix which again as I've said before
the recipes on the web if you don't feel
like making it yourself
is he happy to sell you some a couple of
tablespoons of the pepper
and instead of a lot of other seasonings
they tell you to put baking powder
because baking powder they say crisps up
the wings I don't know if it does but
we're going to add about two tablespoons
to the mix and mix it up thoroughly and
really get it into the wings we're going
to sort of rub it in so all the ways are
thoroughly coated with this mixture okay
it looks fantastic but there's one more
thing we need to do before we make them
this is why I hope you're not watching
this the morning of Super Bowl Sunday
these things have to sit and dry in the
refrigerator for a day that's going to
help keep the skin very very crispy
we're going to set him out on a tray put
them in the fridge and let them dry
overnight well as you can see the wings
have been drying overnight they've got a
nice dry texture the skin is dried out a
lot we rubbed them with the seasonings
and the baking powder to make them get
crispy at least in theory and now we're
going to put them in a 400 degree oven
total cooking time is going to be
probably about 45 minutes but I'm going
to check them after about 20 25 minutes
and flip them over the other thing to
know is that I put the oven rack all the
way up as high as it will go so that I
can get a lot of radiated heat from the
top of the oven so it's almost more like
a broiler we'll see if that works so now
into the oven for the first 25 minutes
I've got these out of the oven now and
they're actually turning a rather nice
color I'm going to flip them all over so
they get a chance to sort of base
themselves with whatever fat they have
under the skin that's rendering out now
these may stick a little bit just move
them a little bit on the rack and they
should come off fairly easy well I will
say they look pretty good and they're
smelling really really good but now back
into the oven for another 20 25 minutes
well it's been about 25 extra minutes
say these things look really really good
they're not tremendously dark in color
but they do have a very firm crispy
feeling skin so I think we may have
accomplished our goal of getting crispy
wings out of the oven instead of
deep-frying them I have here the most
typical brand of hot sauce that's used
for these wings it's probably the most
authentic and I have a bat in this
little cup I have about a quarter cup of
melted butter too which I'm going to add
about a half a cup of hot sauce I've got
a nice big bowl here I'm going to put my
sauce into it and I'm not going to Saul
Saul the wings because the boys are
going to come home and they're not going
to want sauce
let's take I don't know doesn't it a
half or so and just shake them through
the sauce you can hear how crispy they
are there you have it some very crispy
very tasty oven fried buffalo wings